You can't let them go!
I didn't figure it out when I met
Before the biological parents of the two children
I can't let people go, think about it
What happened between me and Lin Xinyue has nothing to do with you
How could it have nothing to do with me?
You, you slutty bitch
How am I lewd?
You obviously gave me the medicine 6 years ago
shut up
6 years ago you were a beggar for a man
It's a beggar, I think about it
Are you saying I'm a beggar?
I was the woman who slept with you 6 years ago
I remember the woman I spent one night with
Birthmark
What about your birthmark?
Ah sure
You must have misremembered.
Orchid Chrysanthemum
You must have seen the video of the hotel back then.
The woman above is me
The woman in the video is Li Xiaoxiao, yes, but
The hotel video was faked
The comparison was faked by me